[Survey docs][4/n] - Add view results page (#6774)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/surveys/viewing-results.mdx

---
title: Viewing survey results
sidebar: Docs
showTitle: true
availability:
    free: none
    selfServe: full
    enterprise: full
---

Survey results can be viewed in two places:

> 1. On the survey page in the "Results" tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. On the survey page, in the "Results" tab.
```

2. By creating your own [insights](/docs/product-analytics/insights).

## 1. On the survey page

> You can view the results of a survey by selecting your survey from the [surveys tab](https://app.posthog.com/surveys). You'll see data on:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can view your results by selecting your survey from the [surveys tab](https://app.posthog.com/surveys). You'll see data on:
```

- How many users have seen the survey.
- How many users have dismissed the survey.

> - Survey responses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Responses.
```

> Depending your survey [question type](/docs/surveys/creating-surveys#question-type), you may also see charts with your responses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending your [question type](/docs/surveys/creating-surveys#question-type), you may also see charts with your responses.
```

![Sample survey results](../../images/docs/surveys/survey-results-sample.png)

## 2. Creating your own insights

To create insights from survey results, navigate to the [insights tab](https://app.posthog.com/insights) and click on `New insights` button.

> There are 3 survey events you create insights from:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are 3 survey-related events you create insights from:
```

1. `survey dismissed`
2. `survey shown`

> 3. `survey sent` (for survey responses)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. `survey sent` (for responses)
```

> When creating an insight, select either of these events. Then, to see data on the survey you want, create a filter using `Survey ID` or `Survey Name`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating an insight, select any of these events. To see data for a specific survey, create a filter using the `Survey ID` or `Survey Name` properties.
```

> Depending on your survey [question type](/docs/surveys/creating-surveys#question-type), you may also find it helpful to breakdown results by `Survey Response` (e.g., for number rating or single choice select surveys).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on your [question type](/docs/surveys/creating-surveys#question-type), you may also find it helpful to breakdown results by `Survey Response` (e.g., for number rating or choice selection).
```
